Lesson 2

Q: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
A: Initializes all of the files that are needed to manage your repository.
	This allows you to create, maintain, modify, and share your repository.
	
Q: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
	repository? What value do you think it offers?
A: The staging area only shows the files that you select to be committed,
	whereas the working directory shows all files. The value offered is that
	you have complete control over what gets updated, when it gets updated,
	how it's updated, and why.
	
Q: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per 
	logical change?
A: You are able to compare the working directory to the staging area, as well
	as the staging area to the most recent commit, so it is very easy to 
	ensure there is only one logical change to the file.
	
Q: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping
	your history organized? How would branches help?
A: If you were attempting to add an experimental feature, have separate
	versions of the same program with modifications, or significant change
	to the structure of the program. Having branches would make tracking which
	version was which a lot easier to manage, as well as provide an extra 
	layer of backups if needed.

Q: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
A: Diagrams let you see the physical path between each commit and it's parent.
	This allows you to easily trace a path back through your commits.
	
Q: What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent
	it in the diagram the way we do?
A: Merging 2 branches together makes a new master file with the combined
	changes from both branches. It is represented the way it is shown because
	this shows a visual representation of what is happening to each branch.
	
Q: What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing
	merges manually?
A: Automatically merging for a simple project is unlikely to have any major
	issues as far as conflicts, but on a project with multiple people working
	with multiple versions of the same file, conflicts are easy to introduce
	unless each person is collaborating effectively.