Lesson 1 Reflections:

Q: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the 
	bug that was introduced?
A: Having the ability to view the differences between each file was helpful
	because I was only shown the differences, as opposed to the entire 
	file. Having a smaller window to view errors assisted me with quickly
	identifying the error that was introduced.
	
Q: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a 
	more efficient programmer in the long term?
A: Having access to the history of a file would enable you to see firsthand
	the types of changes and differences that are introduced with each
	iteration. This would allow you to obtain a better idea of what to look
	for when checking your own code for errors, and gives you the knowledge
	to reduce those errors from	occuring in the first place.
	
Q: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create
	a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like
	Google Docs does?
A: Pros: Commits would make more sense, instead of randomly saving in odd
	places. Ideally, there would also not be an overflow of commits that 
	aren't meaningful. 
	Cons: Possible loss of data from forgetting to commit. 
	
Q: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
	multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each
	file separately?
A: Application structure, file management differences

Q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
A: Using git log will allow you to view the entire history of a project by listing
	all of the saved commits. Git diff will let you view what changed between two
	different versions of a file from different points in time.
	
Q: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that 
	could break something?
A: You always have a fail-safe in case something goes very wrong, which allows for
	a more relaxed and confident approach to doing something that could cause a bug
	or some other sort of issue within the project.
	
Q: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
A:I would like to design a text based game, and allow some collaboration with some
	friends/coworkers using Git.


Q:
A: